chore: update CLI installation instructions for Windows (#816)
coder/docs: cli/installation.md

brew install cdr/coder/coder-cli
```

### Download (Linux, Mac)

Download releases [from GitHub](https://github.com/coder/coder-cli/releases):

1. Click a release and download the tar file for your operating system (ex:
   `coder-cli-linux-amd64.tar.gz`)
1. Extract the `coder` binary and copy it to a location you've added to your
   `PATH` environment variable

### Download (Windows)

1. Click a release (e.g., `coder-cli-windows.zip`) and download the file
1. Unzip the file

> 1. Copy the file to `%USERPROFILE%\bin`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Copy the file to a location of your choosing (for example, `%USERPROFILE%\bin`).
```

1. On the command-line interface, execute `coder.exe login`

> > Make sure that you have a user variable `PATH` that's set to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Make sure that your user's `PATH` environment variable 
> contains the location you chose.
```
